css Assignment


(1)	• What are the benefits of using CSS? 
	ans: 1) faster page speed. mode code means slower page speed.
	     2) better user experience. css not only makes wb pages easy,it also allows for userfriendly formatting.
	     3) quiker development time.
	     4) easy formatting changes.

(2)	• What are the disadvantages of CSS?
	ans: 1) css1 up to css3, result in creating of confusing among web browsers.
	     2) with css, what works with one browser might not always work with another.
	     3) there exists a scarcity of security.

(3)	• What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3?
	ans: The biggest difference between CSS2 and CSS3 is that CSS3 is now split into different modules. 
	     Since each module makes its way through the W3C individually, there’s a wider range of browser support.

(4)	• Name a few CSS style components
	ans: 1)Selecter:HTML element name, id name, class name.
	     2)Property:It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,border etc.
	     3)Values:which defines property or values allocate for properties.

(5)	• What do you understand by CSS opacity?
	ans: opacity The opacity CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content 
	     behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency. 

(6)	• How can the background color of an element be changed?
	ans: You can change the background color of an HTML element using the background-colorCSS property and giving it a value of a color.
 	     For example, this code will make all paragraph elements in your HTML file have a pink background because the background-color property has a value of pink.

(7)	• How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 
 	ans: How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? Background-repetition property controls the repetition 
	     of images in the background.Use no-repeat if the image is to be displayed once in the background.

(8)	• What is the use of the background-position property?
	ans:  background-position property is used to set position for every background image, where the position is
	      relative to the position set by the background-origin property. The background-position property may be 
	      specified as one or more position values that are separated by commas.

(9)	• Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
	ans: The background-attachment property in CSS is used to specify the kind of attachment of the background image with respect to its container. 
	     It can be set to scroll or make it remain fixed. It can be applied to all HTML elements. 
	    -> ex: The following example demonstrates the “scroll” value for the background-attachment property of CSS. 
	           The background-attachment image also gets scrolled.

(10)	• Why should background and color be used as separate properties?
	and: This is done with mainly two purposes: It makes the style sheets more legible.

(11)	• How to center block elements using CSS1? 
	ans: 1) Flex This one is in my opinion the most simple solution. 
	     2) Grid The grid solution is very similar to the flex one. 
	     3) Position If the parent has a set height or min height, then using position might be a good solution.
	     4) Margin 
	     5) Padding	

(12)	• How to maintain the CSS specifications?
	ans: Keep styles of components (pages, layouts) in isolation all the time. Keep the same name across
	     the javascript file name, component name, style file name, and style class name.
 
(13)	• What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?  
	ans: 1) Inline: HTML elements may have CSS applied to them via the STYLE attribute.
	     2) Embedded: By placing the code in a STYLE element within the HEAD element.
       	     3) Linked/ Imported: Place the CSS in an external file and link it via a link element.

(14)	• What is embedded style sheets?
	ans: Embedded Style Sheets is a style sheet where designers can embed information 
	     of the style sheet in an HTML document by making use of the <style> element. 
	     This embedding of style sheet info within <style> .... </style> tags are done within head section of HTML.

(15)	• What are the external style sheets?
	ans: An external style sheet is a separate text file with .css extension. You define all the Style rules within this text file like (notepad, WordPad, Emacs).
	     Create the separate style sheet and include this style sheet in html page.Each page must include a
	     reference to the external style sheet file inside the <link> element. The <link> element goes inside the <head> section.

(16)	• What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets?
	ans: 1) The style of a few documents can be controlled from the site by utilizing them.
	     2) Multiple HTML elements can have numerous documents, where classes can be made.
	     3) To assemble styles in complex circumstances, selector and grouping strategies are utilized.

(17)	• What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
	ans: A CSS selector is the part of a CSS style call that identifies what part of the web page should be styled.
	     The selector contains one or more properties that define how the selected HTML.

(18)	• What are the media types allowed by CSS? 
	ans: continuous or paged .
	     visual, audio, speech, or tactile .
	     grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap .
	     interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).
	     all (includes all media types)

(19)	• What is the rule set? 
	ans: A rule or "rule set" is a statement that tells browsers how to render particular 
	     elements on an HTML page. A rule set consists of a selector followed by a declaration block.

(20)	• Create Layouts 
	ans: 1) Click the hamburger icon and navigate to Content Layouts.
	     2)Click Create Layout.
             3)Enter a layout name.
             4)Add custom tags.
	     5)Optional and If enabled for your tenant, select the Record Proof of Play checkbox to record how
	       long and how often your layout is used when attached to a playlist.